Nathan George: Hello.
Nathan George: Were you at the area's me before this.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I was only there for like half of it, though.
Nathan George: I didn't go to that call, so I don't know if it's over yet or or what.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I didn't try to pull people in from that call um.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah just seeing that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: we're just we have like a lot of stuff on the plate right now so i've been like toning down my my recruitment right now.
Nathan George: make sense there's a bunch of stuff that kind of just has to get done for can build more momentum.
Right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well, unexpected stuff is that what the plan was to build momentum and then move forward with refactoring but yeah it all this stuff just came flying out of straight out of nowhere.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: He hurt hey.
Hart Montgomery: how's it going.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: it's going well.
Hart Montgomery: Excellent.
Hart Montgomery: you're here I hope all my emails made sense.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah yeah the only I guess the only question that I have is so so I, I know that I got the authors of the of the paper, but how did this How did the that that want to really get reported to us like do we have any history of that or.
Hart Montgomery: No, they reached out to Mike and I.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay, and they're part of the aroma project or you.
Hart Montgomery: know not officially.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay.
Hart Montgomery: That we talked to one of them, I think it was Peter, and he was just like a random physics Grad student who was doing like contracting work.
Hart Montgomery: super nice guy.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Because the other, the other person mentioned their website states that they're like the lead developer of the aroma project.
Hart Montgomery: yeah so.
Hart Montgomery: I think, Peter was contract was a contractor for irma.
Hart Montgomery: uh huh so I only deal with one of those guys.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah it's see it says is, though, is the lead architect.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: At the irma project.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay, so so David is just a researcher.
Hart Montgomery: Well, he was like a physics class I was David not yeah he was like a physics Grad student.
Hart Montgomery: So he was like a physics Grad student who was like doing some blockchain work for subtle body in Grad school.
Hart Montgomery: here.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah that's that's it yeah I tried looking him up and I was weirded out because it was like a different department, but he was listed under his his like academic work and I was like wait.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Are we getting pumped here or whatever.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Like because it was yeah it was like something like physics, or something like that.
Nathan George: i've had good experiences with physicists that become computer programmers i'm not sure why, but you know they have a good head for the algorithms in the math that's for sure.
Hart Montgomery: yeah they have they also like.
Hart Montgomery: They also typically do very well like hedge fund jobs or five years they have you know good quantitative reasoning skills and like there aren't a lot of jobs in physics.
So.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah physics, was one of those classes, that I struggled with in college.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: it's like a whole different way of thinking.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah anyways so um so yeah so they were the only three that are going to attend, I was hoping that that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: brand would join us i've slowed kind of them a momentum down.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: of our calls because of what's going on with us fixing the vulnerabilities that have been reported to us.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And so I haven't been recruiting as much because we kind of just need to get this done.
Hart Montgomery: don't where we started understand.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah if we we started like restructuring and all that, so there is good news is that we have we have started the report, like I like you've seen it we've actually made a lot of edits to it, like the team at kiva and are close to close to having it ready to be shareable.
Great.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And yeah just outlining everything there it's.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: It is kind of difficult trying to summarize all of these like solutions like hundreds of pages of solutions into one report but but yeah we're managing um.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I guess like the The thing that I want to know is, are you familiar with you're familiar with young commanded dishes paper about proving that and is a product of safe PRIMES in zero knowledge right.
Hart Montgomery: vaguely yes.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay, do you know what how the flow works like I guess my biggest question is like so um.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: So we we basically have to, we want to, we want to make sure that the issuer have is able to.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: The issuer is using safe PRIMES right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And they have to prove to verify that you know that their P amp Q are safe PRIMES and.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I have to do that in zero knowledge right, and so this is this verify or the holder or or is it a separate entity that would be the verified here.
Hart Montgomery: yeah so it would be the holder right to the older is a really it will be anyone interacting with the issuer right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: So I mean you could have a model where like you know.
Hart Montgomery: Like you know if enough people the holder trusts verify the issuer's credentials right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: mm hmm.
Hart Montgomery: Then, that would probably be acceptable to.
Hart Montgomery: like, if I were putting this together and practice I would do a very lazy solution.
Hart Montgomery: Where I would have like the issuer like.
Hart Montgomery: Because these proofs can be expensive so i'd have like the issue approved to like all of the blockchain nodes or something that you know that their credentials are good.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: right but it wouldn't even need to be in zero knowledge, because, because the issuer could hit themselves do a proof, you know or somehow.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: know that they're pink you.
Hart Montgomery: It doesn't need to be in zero knowledge right because you can't reveal these right, otherwise the you can factor, the issuer's.
Hart Montgomery: Key.
Right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I guess, but the issue or nose of the p amp Q right already.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Also, they don't need to disclose it, they just need to make the proof.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: The issue I guess yeah.
Hart Montgomery: they're proving it to someone else that it's a solid they're basically so what they're doing right if you're familiar with the discrete log problem right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So discrete log problems is hard for.
Hart Montgomery: For prime order sickly groups right.
Hart Montgomery: yep, it is not hard for like.
Hart Montgomery: For like Z to to the end right so it's not hard if you're a group order is like a power of two right.
Hart Montgomery: Right and you can sort of like this is a standard like.
Hart Montgomery: intro to crypto like homework problem is right, an efficient algorithm for discrete log when the group sizes to to the end for some ahead.
Hart Montgomery: So, so the point is right that you're just proving that one of these pink you are in fact like primordial right.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: And that means like the issuer can't solve discrete log over them.
Hart Montgomery: Which, which is important for this this scheme right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
So.
Hart Montgomery: So yes, so the issue would be the approval right and the holder or anyone who's interacting with the issue or and, once this proof will be the verify right.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: So, you said you were having some trouble with notation.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: um I think I got the notation now.
Okay.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah just this just so we have to clarify this flow because because um I guess yeah the I guess i'm in indy and in a in an Aries you know your verifiers is a separate entity.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And you know now saying that the holder is verifying something we would have to clarify that.
Hart Montgomery: yeah so the thing you're verifying two different things right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, the verified india's verified the credentials right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right and this you're verifying the that you that you're the person was issuing to you is.
Hart Montgomery: trustworthy so if you're if you're worried about it call it like public key verification right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: And you can call it like pk verify or something right to not be confused with regular verify.
Hart Montgomery: So seems like a reasonable thing.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah yeah that that changes up my thinking because adding it to the code to to the actual bear fire that's That would be completely different, while we need to add this to a shoe or and the holder.
Hart Montgomery: it's a different proof right you're proving.
Hart Montgomery: Right so.
Hart Montgomery: So it shouldn't be equivalent to the like, if you are being really pedantic right you'd call it credential verify right, that would be your normal verify.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: And then this would be like public key verify, but because, like the credential verifiers domain verify or it's just been called verify right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: cool cool yeah Those are just some of my questions about about how, because we all have to explain to the fact that communities of how this will like how the patch will disrupt their flow or I guess change their flow.
Hart Montgomery: It shouldn't disrupt the flow really much at all right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Now yeah yeah it's just adding a step into the issuance.
Hart Montgomery: Well, but you don't even have to write like.
Hart Montgomery: You know, you might So if you trust the issue or you don't have to do this at all right.
Hart Montgomery: Or if you just hit her it's like honest but curious right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well, we can't like what i've come to to to think, is that you can't even trust any issue or Unless this is done, because you know what if someone is using like an old like you know, a corrupted hsm or you know or they've been been side channel, and you know they're.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: So something messed with their prime generation.
Hart Montgomery: yeah that's that's true yeah I mean this would be a non technically be a non honest issuer.
Hart Montgomery: So yeah no I mean if but.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Even that would be not honest, but also that it could be someone who you think is honest and like and now is.
Hart Montgomery: hijacked it yeah and I use this you're you're absolutely right.
Hart Montgomery: In this case, this is the technical term but I use the example you're giving all the time to justify why people should use Byzantine fault tolerant consensus, instead of crash fault tolerant consensus right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, you may trust people, but what happens if they you know if they're compromised.
Hart Montgomery: But you could also require that like you know if the issue is out of blockchain right.
Hart Montgomery: And you trust the blockchain right.
Hart Montgomery: you trust the blockchain collectively, you could have the issue or prove like this proof to the blockchain nodes right.
Hart Montgomery: Who could then work to accept the credentials right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right right so yeah yeah when when they go to add their credential definition with their with their signatures, the I guess the the blockchain decides if it's trustworthy or not.
Hart Montgomery: And so the proof couldn't issue to the blockchain right and if I trust the blockchain that I don't need to do this every time right.
Nathan George: And that's what I talked.
Nathan George: About before can with the idea of adding it to the credential definition is it's.
it's.
Nathan George: The credit death transaction on on indie checked proof, then you know that any credential definition anchor to chain had this check.
Hart Montgomery: Exactly, and this would save a lot of efficiency to right because.
Hart Montgomery: yeah you're holder might be a lightweight wallet right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right yeah yeah it might be a mobile wallet yeah.
Nathan George: You know.
Nathan George: It also lets you pitch it to the issuer is it's it's part of just checking to make sure the crypto they had enough entropy when you generate the keys.
Hart Montgomery: Well, so that you had enough entropy is that you like generated your your key correctly right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, the money low income, like a low entropy thing will still pass right.
Nathan George: yeah that's true but, but it's a check to say you didn't nothing happened that caused you to pick that Christ.
Hart Montgomery: Yes, well yeah you are picking correct problems, you might pick low entropy you might like you know something like a hard coded key would pass right but.
Hart Montgomery: yeah it's still like it can be pitched to the issue of that way as well right.
Nathan George: Well, and it also puts a spot architectural into the code where other checks could also go like you could check for duplicate keys, you could check for a few other things yeah.
Nathan George: Yes, if that comes up later.
Hart Montgomery: I mean, have you all seen the Nadia had anger study the old one of the gc D of all the RSA keys on the Internet.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I haven't no.
Nathan George: that's awesome.
Hart Montgomery: So so basically.
Hart Montgomery: So so you're aware that factoring hard.
Hart Montgomery: But a problem called greatest common divisor is easy right So if you have two numbers right.
Hart Montgomery: And they have a factor in common it's very easy to find an extract this factor.
Hart Montgomery: What this means, if you have.
Hart Montgomery: If there's some way that you've like reused, an RSA factor on the Internet, then you are totally screwed right.
Hart Montgomery: And so what these smart people got the idea to idea to do is let's download every RSA key that we can find a run this gct algorithm on them pairwise and yet.
it's.
Hart Montgomery: Like people are not very good about like you know necessarily generating PRIMES and there was a lot of overlap.
Nathan George: I really want to see this paper right.
Hart Montgomery: it's like not.
Hart Montgomery: Let me see if I can find it quickly got a lot of attention just because it was.
Nathan George: I think I remember the couple articles related to this came at.
Hart Montgomery: This is a somebody else did Okay, so they did that and.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, it might.
Hart Montgomery: detection of wides is this it.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: yeah This, I think this is it.
Hart Montgomery: They found that point seven 5% of telus certificates shared keys.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: that's funny.
Hart Montgomery: We make sure that this is the right paper, I think it is.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: This is one of them anyway posted in the chat.
Hart Montgomery: If there's anything earlier that paper should site it.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Hart Montgomery: anyway.
Hart Montgomery: Lots of problems.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: naughty naughty as always.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: i'm doing my stuff to make people.
Hart Montgomery: Fantastic yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: yeah it's a.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: um yeah so so um i'll note that yeah that we have to that this would be better anchored on like whatever trusted storage is because we want to I guess stay agnostic to whatever storage.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: It is all specifically mentioned that that indie could could anchor it to its credit, deaths um I guess there'll be a harder selling point for some people who, because that will invalidate well that will change up their credential they'll they'll be a basically a V2 credentials now.
Hart Montgomery: Why should they have to change their credential right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well, their credit depths.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Because you'll be adding a new field now with a proof, with a proof that that states that their signature is it was generated would save crimes.
Hart Montgomery: Do you mean you don't do you have to add, I mean.
Hart Montgomery: Do you have to change that like.
Hart Montgomery: My thought was you just prove it to the blockchain.
Hart Montgomery: It might not you might not like what or need to write down the whole proof right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I will I don't I don't know how we would prove that to the blockchain.
Hart Montgomery: Well, you just prove it to like.
Hart Montgomery: It well, I mean the issuer can just.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I guess yeah I guess that makes sense, like there's like the verification like there's the verification that you can write on the ledger.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: You would do the same thing that that you would verify that this whoever's writing to to this writing this credit is allowed to be to do, be doing it and also.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: doing it with safe prime's.
Hart Montgomery: I mean the the things right, this doesn't require a credential change at all right so it's not a.
Hart Montgomery: it's not a super heavyweight change right.
Hart Montgomery: You just need to like throw on these proofs somewhere, and if you haven't blockchain you can literally just toss them on the chain right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: Or you could have the you know you don't even need to toss them on the chain, you can just have the issue approved to all of the blockchain nodes or some some some number of blockchain nodes and have this recorded on the chain right.
Hart Montgomery: So I mean how you want to do this is sort of like what what's the best fit for the indie community.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right yeah whatever is is least disruptive is probably what what what will be best because yeah yeah just because people already have issued credentials.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Things.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Things written on the ledger like current devastating number ledger's.
Hart Montgomery: I don't know what's least disruptive though right that's my.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I guess I.
Hart Montgomery: would consider the least disruptive anyway right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: What would you think Nathan.
Nathan George: Well, the most of our current customers for the crypto library are working in closed loop ecosystems, where they have control or support at least significant ish influence over all of the participants, so the idea that we add the check.
Nathan George: In the in the library, the code it's easy to invoke and then we tell everyone hey you should go check everyone's keys to make sure everyone's doing okay.
Nathan George: seems like an easy thing to ask, and then, if we have it, so that the you know either the end transaction my favorite place to put this.
Nathan George: will verify the check or you can configure any to not verify the check, but by default we configure it to present and verify the check.
Nathan George: I think we were wearing a spot where we've done everything we need to do to pass the bug and I don't think anyone would who didn't want to or making intentional choice to stay vulnerable would be in any way vulnerable.
Hart Montgomery: yeah that seems.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Oh you're saying that the check would be not tolerable in in in an ursa, but it would be terrible in India layer
Nathan George: yeah what i'm saying is it would.
Nathan George: automatically actors doesn't compose the protocol anyway, and then it would be.
Nathan George: A when you create the credential definition.
Nathan George: you'd have a config for the blockchain So if you block chain.
Nathan George: configuration That said, do I checked the PRIMES.
Nathan George: As part of the credential definition and that would add a couple of data fields to the credit def object that went on the on the ledger.
Nathan George: Because he would probably also want to save something about the proof on chain, so that someone else who wanted to validate.
Nathan George: blockchain state could validate it because typically with an interview chain, we don't just think that.
Nathan George: The validator nodes validate the transaction, but we keep enough data that anyone who wanted to observe the network can validate the transactions.
Nathan George: Because it's kind of a copy left type approach, because everyone who joins is a valid you know, science, the trust Framework Agreement.
Nathan George: And so, if someone from the outside, can catch you doing the wrong thing, according to the trust Framework Agreement it's a way of keeping the whole network honest because they've they've agreed to stake their reputation on doing on following the rules.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: I agree with your.
Hart Montgomery: basic idea that this, you could have this code is a.
Hart Montgomery: State A callable function.
Hart Montgomery: But it shouldn't necessarily be a vote it every invoked at a higher layer not there, so there.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay, so yeah so this would be just something I guess, this would be a whole new.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I guess class or whatever we decided to do it.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Different with the issuer and the holder, it would just be like cl signature verification.
Hart Montgomery: Well, it would be.
Hart Montgomery: It would be an issue or function right, so the issue or call the function.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right we're all right right right right.
Hart Montgomery: So the issue would be an interactive thing right, but all the bulk of the work would be done by the issuer right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: So someone asked issue or like a issue or approve your problems are good right.
Hart Montgomery: And then the issuer has, you know that maybe they send the issue or some randomness but you probably do it not interactively right, and then you just.
Hart Montgomery: The issuer has all the information, so you can just do it from there right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, so it should just entirely be an issue of think.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay cool.
Hart Montgomery: So, like you, shouldn't need a new class or anything like that right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right, it should just be included into the issuer.
Hart Montgomery: just another function that the issuer can do right.
Right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: and
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I guess that makes sense yeah that totally makes sense and yeah it doesn't have to be invoked by ursa and it can be invoked by Andy.
Hart Montgomery: yeah or whoever else right and again like this is something where you're like your trust model right will interfere outside infrastructure will determine how often or where you want to call this function right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, this is the same for sort of all of the like proof of like well forums public key things we've been talking about and all these security issues right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: The paper doesn't make it sound like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Like ursa is the one that's not implementing this and therefore breaking people.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: or like you know, causing the vulnerability, but we'll have to restate it as.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: We offer the solution, but we don't we don't enforce it.
Hart Montgomery: yeah, and this is like a classic, this is a trade off you're writing like cryptographic or secure code right on one hand you like you have sort of like you know.
Hart Montgomery: iron cladding things and making them misuse resistant right.
Hart Montgomery: On the other hand, you have sort of like giving people more flexibility, you know, maybe this is more rope for them to hang themselves, but this is also also lets you build a lot more efficient protocols right.
Hart Montgomery: right if i'm reusing public keys right or if i'm using credentials like I only need to check them once right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: And if I have a blockchain in check credentials right, I can chat have the blockchain check them and just record that, on the blockchain right.
Hart Montgomery: Right and then there's sort of like no need to you know reach out credentials right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Hart Montgomery: I got on Mike over this for like the bbs plus stuff a while back and he's just like well you know.
Hart Montgomery: The blockchain just needs to check the month so we're not gonna we're not going to call this right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah Mike still seems pretty opposed to the idea of this of this checking.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: To see if brian's.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Last time I spoke, I spoke to him.
Hart Montgomery: Well, I mean it's not like.
Hart Montgomery: You don't need to do it like repetitively it's an efficiency issue right.
Hart Montgomery: Right so.
Hart Montgomery: Like having the functionality out there is definitely good.
Hart Montgomery: But.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean we let people use it as they see fit.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right um the so the the protocol for checking that a pink you are safe PRIMES that jaan stated that's just a logic, like a logic game.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Protocol rate.
Hart Montgomery: A logical practical.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: or it's just going through like it says and doing a bunch of ads in order to prove that it's that it that it is safe right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: that's what the notation that I.
Hart Montgomery: Were you looking exactly.
Page.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Of the proving zero knowledge, the.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: number is a product of to see prime's.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: speech.
working.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I can get you.
Hart Montgomery: Page 13.
yeah.
Hart Montgomery: Yes, the the carrot thing is and right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right so it's just like a logic gate kind of.
Hart Montgomery: yeah so really they're only using that they're they're checking a bunch of conditions and they're like yeah they're verifying that like numbers are in certain bounds right.
Hart Montgomery: Right, those are range proves.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay that's what it's called.
Hart Montgomery: yeah they're super common right.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: So yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: well.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah well this.
Hart Montgomery: hope that all make sense.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah this, this would give me enough to add some more.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: substance to the how we're going to patch this and how it should be used.
Hart Montgomery: awesome.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah we're working that currently like at kiva and so.
it's just interesting that.
Hart Montgomery: This is kind of a cool thing right we hit we hit a crypto bug.
Hart Montgomery: it's relatively uncommon.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah it's really cool it's I guess it's just it's a bug but also like just an oversight.
Hart Montgomery: Well, most things are like oversights right.
Hart Montgomery: If something makes it like this far it's usually not like there's usually not like a fatal flaw it's usually like you forgot something and like.
Hart Montgomery: And like it is sort of.
Hart Montgomery: Are there.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: You go there you aware of any other libraries that do this, that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: That check.
Hart Montgomery: there's one using paper right that they.
Hart Montgomery: They do they have the check it's not in Resto.
Hart Montgomery: I think I told you that earlier it's alluded to in that paper.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: into which one into.
Hart Montgomery: into the issue report.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: To the paper okay.
Hart Montgomery: So they they have another library, but it's in like I want to say it's in like go or something weird So if you want to like make a resolution you can probably just look at their code and just effectively translate into rest.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay that's cool.
Hart Montgomery: That might be a lot easier than writing it from scratch, you want to make sure they're doing it correctly.
Hart Montgomery: But.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right um.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah yeah well.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: What we probably can bring up some of the maintainer is that the current containers and have them review whatever solutions put in.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: The more of the crypto folks.
Hart Montgomery: mm hmm.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: i'm trying to.
Hart Montgomery: get more crypto people to to get involved.
Hart Montgomery: So we'll we'll see how successful is.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah no worries right now we have like I like I stated like at the beginning of the call is like that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Where yeah, I guess, we need to be heads down and just fix this because that there is, I will you guys at the hyper ledger are going to release this at some point right.
Hart Montgomery: publicly.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And so we need to beat that.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: um.
Hart Montgomery: I mean this is like a good.
Hart Montgomery: Like.
Hart Montgomery: This is a good security experience right, we should probably.
Hart Montgomery: We should write like a blog post about or something once we get everything done.
Nathan George: Yes, right as soon as the frustration camp feels for having people tell them that i'm not sure we have to fix this dies down yes.
Hart Montgomery: Right like it's always like.
You know.
Nathan George: for clarification what's the clock at when did when what what's the when did this bug get disclose to us how long do we have.
Hart Montgomery: unclear.
Hart Montgomery: Like it got disclosed, like the first like technical disclosure was a while ago, but we were just kind of like.
Hart Montgomery: We only got the paper like.
Hart Montgomery: I want to say, like January.
Hart Montgomery: They.
Nathan George: As longer ago than I thought interesting.
Hart Montgomery: yeah Maybe it was I want to say, I want to say that was right.
Hart Montgomery: But no, the problem was that the guys who founded are not cryptographers and they did like a bad job of explaining it initially so we were just like dismissive of them at first, because you know you'll see this, are you on the security list.
Hart Montgomery: For a SEC camp.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: i'm not.
Hart Montgomery: Okay, do you want to be on the like security folder the security disclosure list.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah that'd be great.
Hart Montgomery: So may I think right controls that so you can mail right and CC me, and so you want to be on this we get we get a lot of like false bugs basically.
Hart Montgomery: And some of them are more trickier to falsified and others.
Hart Montgomery: So these guys did a bad job of explaining it and we're just kind of like what are you talking about.
Hart Montgomery: But.
Hart Montgomery: You know, like.
Hart Montgomery: they're friendly This is like, not the highest priority thing.
Hart Montgomery: You know.
Hart Montgomery: Do what you can you know don't kill yourself over this like.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I don't know like whatever whatever timeline we can get is fine, you know.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah what's interesting about this like, at least for I guess what we've been like preaching at a at areas in hyper ledger is that the cl signatures or more secure than the implementation of bbs plus or not more.
Hart Montgomery: preaching the opposite.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well there's there's two fields right there's.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Always yes.
Hart Montgomery: Will to use bbs plus.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well, the bbs plus doesn't come with with with a lot of the benefits that seal signatures come with like being able to do like revocation right.
Hart Montgomery: uh huh.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And or being able to do.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Proof predicates right.
Hart Montgomery: sure.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And so.
Hart Montgomery: With this is a functionality issue rather than a security issue right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I guess so yeah so we were.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: We were toting a lot more functionality for cl.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: And now that the with this bug it's almost yeah you're now you're now we're like at the same as bbs.
Hart Montgomery: i've always been telling people to be best plus.
Hart Montgomery: So his MIC I think.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah the whole community is behind me via media or like a lot of the Communities behind bbs.
Nathan George: everyone's interested, but the invitation is not done yet enough, is it.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: No, I don't think so I it doesn't.
Nathan George: really wants to be done, the work to make an APP.
Hart Montgomery: It looks like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: For PBS.
Hart Montgomery: PBS Plus we have a bbs plus signature implementation.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah we'll do.
Nathan George: Preferential protocol.
Hart Montgomery: We don't have the credentials protocol sure yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah this credentials protocol still being.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: talked about in the diff Mike and yeah it's been like a year tune or year now and they're still debating it so.
yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: So yeah so but I guess like the cl signature is offered a more established.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: credential issuance but yeah yeah so so that's like my only worry is that we're we're we're not like we don't like meet the expectations that we that we set with people and that's why we have to get this out, but yeah agreed that it's not like, I guess, like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: magic like i've only listed in this position was moderate not severe.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean.
Hart Montgomery: You know this is we just get it fixed like.
Hart Montgomery: We do a post mortem you know.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean it's it's like a good like hey we're keeping on top of you know, like.
Hart Montgomery: yeah it's an interesting interesting thing right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right so.
Hart Montgomery: lots of people, bigger than us have made substantially worse mistakes.
Hart Montgomery: And this is like this is a paper mistake so.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: um that's oh yeah that that leads me to another question um so when we have this quote it up will, will you be able to help us add this to the non credit paper or would you prefer someone like Brendan to do that.
Hart Montgomery: I can, is there a reason you need me to add it to the unknown Chris paper.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Well um it's well, we need to add it to the to the protocol don't we.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean I guess the threads paper probably needs to be updated period.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: yeah we should.
Hart Montgomery: We should go over that at some point.
Hart Montgomery: there's probably more than needs to be updated I don't think it's in a very good stereo now.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: i'll add that, on my to do list to bring that up.
Hart Montgomery: i'm happily.
Hart Montgomery: I can help some with that.
Hart Montgomery: We I doubt this is the only thing.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah that would be like i'm trying to think of how you would introduce that into a non creds because again it's something that I guess you would have to.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: it's up to the implementation, but I guess it's implemented or non credit and non credit says to state that this is part of their flow now.
Hart Montgomery: yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Okay.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: cool cool um and I guess the last thing is my concern of if this is pretty being presented by open ID or the or the ID lab sorry folks like as one of the vulnerabilities they found on their audit at the World Forum, we just need to make sure that this is presented correctly and.
Hart Montgomery: A world form.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Or the.
Hart Montgomery: again.
Hart Montgomery: The global forum so yeah that's fine well they didn't find it they credit other people, but.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean the global forums not till September.
Hart Montgomery: Right so like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Hopefully, we have a solution.
Hart Montgomery: wrapped up by then yeah.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: No i'm fine like you know good organizations like publicly talk about their security processes what went right what went wrong after things have been fixed right.
Hart Montgomery: Right so i'm totally fine if they go through this, the only people that might be mad or IBM.
Hart Montgomery: Because like it's there, it makes your paper that like had a buck right.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: But yeah I think.
Hart Montgomery: I mean it's fine there's nothing wrong with they want to talk about it.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah it's fine I just I like I worry that it's presented correctly.
Hart Montgomery: Well, if they want to talk about it, why don't you why don't you get involved, like this is a great opportunity for you to get part of the talk to right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I don't want to go to Dublin.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: that's really far away and really expensive.
Hart Montgomery: I.
Hart Montgomery: mean you could apply for they're going to be granted there's going to grant money.
Hart Montgomery: Give us a nonprofit so might have you might have a you'll have a certainly a better shot than.
Hart Montgomery: than anyone from companies.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Oh cool.
Hart Montgomery: So, like I don't know who's going to be in charge of the grant money.
Hart Montgomery: or it's going to make that call.
Hart Montgomery: But.
Hart Montgomery: it's where you mean if you want to, if you want to like do it, you can just say like hey you know.
Hart Montgomery: Like I can't make this without like if I don't get like travel fund, because I work for a nonprofit or something like that.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: Hello kiva has had a presence at the global form before.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah we've been there, we we were there, the last time we had it with.
Nathan George: This year we're what we're facing is that they haven't restored the the postcode travel budget yet so.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I think that's happening like there are a lot of.
Hart Montgomery: There are a lot of companies, even some big companies haven't.
Hart Montgomery: haven't like clear travel or approved travel, you know who knows, with what's happening in China, right now, we could be in for a whole nother wave and like travel could be completely shut down again and go virtual.
Hart Montgomery: So I don't know actually what's going to happen.
Nathan George: For everyone's sake, we hope not, but.
Hart Montgomery: I don't mind.
Nathan George: able to attend virtual events that I couldn't have attended in person, oh.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah that would be nice.
Hart Montgomery: Are you guys going to.
Hart Montgomery: The IWC.
Nathan George: We have one team Member that's going but we're not sending the whole team like we are we're not sending the bulk of the team like we usually do.
gotcha.
Hart Montgomery: need to figure out my registration for that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: you're pretty close to their don't use so that's not too bad for you.
Hart Montgomery: yeah yeah.
Nathan George: We put a limit on the attendees because of the size or because the restrictions for the venue So hopefully there's still tickets.
Hart Montgomery: were apparently a sponsor.
Nathan George: Call so you've got tickets for your sponsorship.
Hart Montgomery: So, like we should have tickets.
yeah.
Hart Montgomery: So yeah I know it's about maybe a half an hour drive from where I live, so it's not too bad.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah we figured that I figured that I like usually like the crypto stuff is kind of like the least like talked about stuff, and so there was like like didn't have too much to do there.
Hart Montgomery: yeah no it's like.
Hart Montgomery: I don't know I need to show my face of these places and.
Hart Montgomery: If it's boring that i'll just I can just do other work.
Nathan George: Well, you should say hi to Michelle so be there for us.
Hart Montgomery: yeah definitely.
But.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I think that's all I have for today um yeah unless Nathan, has anything else.
Hart Montgomery: yeah can you should ask if you really want you should ask to see if you can once your travel stuff goes back you should ask to go to actual crypto.
Nathan George: yeah.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: that's an August isn't it.
Nathan George: yeah it's real world crypto it's not.
Hart Montgomery: yeah well the nice thing about.
Hart Montgomery: Real the nice thing about crypto crypto is it's like it's very cheap for a conference.
Hart Montgomery: it's close it's always in Santa Barbara so not too far from you.
Hart Montgomery: And you're like literally living and eating and the uc Santa Barbara doors.
Hart Montgomery: So it's very expensive.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: that's cool.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah I was planning to I haven't talked to Nathan, yet, but I wanted to go to that that's it since it's an August.
Hart Montgomery: it's like the best it's the best place to like actually talk to people were like.
Hart Montgomery: Real world crypto has gotten huge, but you can actually like go like it's very easy to go up and talk to like people you wouldn't necessarily think it would be easy to go up and talk to a crypto.
Hart Montgomery: In some ways approach you.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: There there a it's like a yarn and other people are usually there right like people.
Hart Montgomery: Young is sort of may not so much anymore, in the past, yes, but like.
Hart Montgomery: Like with defeat his jokingly asked me if I wanted to flip a police car before crypto.
Hart Montgomery: Like okay.
Hart Montgomery: You know, like.
Hart Montgomery: But yeah like real world crypto is good it's actually this week in Amsterdam.
Hart Montgomery: I usually try to go when it's in the US, but not usually I don't really make it to Europe.
Hart Montgomery: for that.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Are they is it going to be there they're gonna have virtual sessions.
Hart Montgomery: I don't know actually.
Hart Montgomery: i've just been super busy.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah this this this like bug stuff has kept me pretty busy Simon can track, a lot of other stuff.
Hart Montgomery: But yeah I mean, I would like yeah just go through, and like I mean if you're like like CCS is a great conference to go to to for applied security for applied crypto and security.
Hart Montgomery: there's a lot of blockchain stuff that CCS.
Hart Montgomery: Financial crypto is a boondoggle or it was a boondoggle but it's actually kind of turned into a legitimate Conference, because there's so much blockchain stuff.
Hart Montgomery: So I don't know if you know about financial crypto.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: I don't.
Hart Montgomery: It is hosted in alternating years in like the Mediterranean or the Caribbean.
Hart Montgomery: Some, like ritzy like.
Hart Montgomery: You know extremely fancy hotel when I was a Grad student 10 years ago it was considered a huge boondoggle, to the point that my advisor who had infinite funding would not.
Hart Montgomery: pay for me to go to financial crypto because he considered it just a waste of time and a vacation.
Hart Montgomery: But lately like it has been getting a lot of actually pretty high quality blockchain papers and it's become a de facto like crypto for blockchain conference.
Hart Montgomery: So.
Hart Montgomery: yeah but but yeah I mean you want when when you have time, you can just like look through this and you can put together a schedule like you know where you want to go who you want to talk to like.
Hart Montgomery: you're in salt lake I guess right.
Hart Montgomery: Right yeah so it's not quite as easy as like if you're in the Bay like you know there's they're always there's always stuff going on, you can just kind of drive on down but.
Hart Montgomery: You can keep an eye on like nearby conferences so.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah going to California is not too bad for us it's just an hour away so for an hour and a half away.
Hart Montgomery: yeah but I mean like I even dry i'll drive to crypto usually.
Hart Montgomery: Articles like a dirt cheap.
Hart Montgomery: conference.
Hart Montgomery: So it's like oh cheaper than my regular expenses it's.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: So everything's included when you go to crypto.
Hart Montgomery: yeah yeah so all the foods of the accommodation well, you have to buy like accommodation separately but you're staying in the dorm so it's like dirt dirt cheap.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: cool cool.
Hart Montgomery: So it's like I want to say, like $700 for them for like Sunday through Thursday, including all your meals.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Are not bad at all.
Hart Montgomery: So that's like for for a conference that's super cheap.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah it is.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: cool i'll keep that in mind, art.
Hart Montgomery: yeah I mean, I would just look around just knowing people is really useful.
Hart Montgomery: As a sort of Mike found out.
Hart Montgomery: If you've met someone, and you know someone that you like email them with question about their paper they're like if they know your name and you send an email you're much more likely to get a response.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: So, like just a lot of these people get so so many emails right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right well if they see one that stands out like a model respond to it.
Hart Montgomery: yeah like a lot of times I mean I you know, like there are some stuff i'll get a ton of stuff it's like hey I think there's a bug in your protocol and i'm you know or some paper for it and and, most of it is just garbage but if I see someone you know.
Hart Montgomery: who's notable who is like send an email who like says like Oh, I have a concern about your paper i'm like oh no just that, like feeling of dread.
Right.
Hart Montgomery: Anyway, yeah.
Hart Montgomery: I don't want to keep you any more than necessary.
Hart Montgomery: But yeah let me know if you have any more questions about stuff or if there's anything I can do down.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: yeah right now I don't have any more questions i'm just going to get back to writing everything because yeah that that's like the biggest thing for me is to be able to communicate this clearly.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Because I know I there are already people who like i've shared information with like that are like you know people who like we can trust like.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: In the areas community and they've kind of been starting to naysayer about how this is not important, and like how like or dislike you know it's a straw man argument or whatever, and then there, and like so I want to be able to communicate.
Hart Montgomery: Like look if you trust the issue or this isn't a problem, but if you don't it might be so here's the here's the solution right.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right.
We like.
Hart Montgomery: Take the best of all worlds.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: Right yeah yeah well we're saying in the report is like you could well we we we want, we would prefer that you that you actually track, you know.
yeah.
Hart Montgomery: awesome alright.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: well.
Hart Montgomery: Let me let you get on with your day and have a great rest of your day, and let me know if you have any more questions.
Cam Parra | kiva.org: All right, thanks, have a good one.
Hart Montgomery: yeah thanks a lot.